Previously on
"Masters of Sex"...
Libby.
- Is this baby gone?
- I'm so sorry.
Libby, we have a family.
Just the two of us...
That's enough for me.
- The study is back.
- Heck yes.
Why won't my dick work?!
The problem's not in your
pants, Austin, it's in your head.
I fuck men
Or get fucked, mostly...
dealer's choice.
I want you
to tell me the truth.
I need to know if you've ever
mentioned my name to anyone.
Look, I wouldn't want
to ruin a good thing.
You want to enlist
the provost's wife?
Have you ever experienced
an orgasm?
I don't know.
- You would know.
- I would?
Mrs. Scully?
Oh, dr. Langham,
w-what a nice surprise.
Can I walk you to your car?
I think you should
have a different title.
'Cause you're not
just a secretary, are you?
- What am I?
- You're a research assistant.
Why can some women orgasm without
any genital stimulation whatsoever?
I'd need to see proof of that.
We're scientists.
Let's see.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Season 1, Episode 7
"All Together Now"
Synced by Reef
www.addic7ed.com
- Plateau.
- Plateau
Orgasm.
Resolution.
The plateau state of the male subject
lasted 8 minutes and 31 seconds,
Resulting in his orgasm
and resolution,
But not in the female's.
It's the position.
If our goal is to determine
which position provides
optimum clitoral stimulation,
on a scale of 1-10,
I would give the missionary a 4.
Although, uh...
One instance of data collection
is hardly a wide sampling.
And I-I do think this line
of inquiry is worth pursuing.
So we will bring in subjects
and see what a broad sampling reveals?
While continuing
the work ourselves.
And we'll
have to fill out questionnaires.
If we're going to be
full participants in the study.
Another night.
I'll put the information in the safe
with the other subjects.
Uh, you can close up here.
We'll resume tomorrow.
- Have a good game.
- Have fun. See you soon, boys.
What a...
Nice surprise.
- Are you...
- Here with Barton.
He's playing poker in the card room.
The cigar smoke was nauseating.
- And are you...
- Alone.
My wife's at home
with our little one.
- He has an earache.
- Oh.
So...
I only like the cashews.
- Look, Mrs. Scully...
- Oh, Margaret. Goodness.
- Margaret. Right, right, right.
- Um, I, uh...
Dr. Langham, please.
- I am perfectly...
- No, I-I didn't want you to think...
- Honestly, there is nothing...
- So we're...
Of course. Yes.
Have you spent
much time in New York, doctor?
In New York?
Barton's leaving tomorrow afternoon
for a three-day conference there.
He hates hotel food, so I just
thought if you knew the city,
you might be able to recommend
a restaurant or two.
I'm out early today. I have
an endometrial biopsy first thing.
- Well, can I have ten minutes?
- Uh, I need to get going.
But you can stay if you want...
Or not. I keep a spare key
under the planter in front.
So, can I come back
after class and get things ready
for dinner
with your brother tonight?
I didn't know
that you want to join us.
Yeah. That's fine.
And, sure, if you want
to come back here and cook...
Aren't you worried leaving
me alone in your apartment?
- I don't know. Should I be?
- I'll snoop.
The minute you're out that door, I'm gonna
go through every drawer in the house,
Check every coat pocket.
You'll find old
gum wrappers and spare change.
What about matches with other
girls' numbers written inside?
Toss the old ones.
The new ones you can stack by the phone.
A lovely lady like you?
Convertible... absolutely.
You'll look just like Grace Kelly
in "To Catch a Thief."
I think
we can manage from here, boys.
I was about to use
a crowbar to pry them off of me.
I know what you mean.
Ethan, I cannot
thank you enough for doing this.
Really, are you sure I'm not
taking you away from anything?
Not a thing. I rebuilt a Desoto Firedome
in high school, so I love all this.
I'm not proud of the fact that
I can't tell a crank case from a clutch.
I'm impressed
you know either exists.
So, tell me,
what make were you considering?
- Chevy, Ford...
- Cheap.
My sister popped out
five babies in four years.
A regular baby factory.
I figured
I'd be just the same but...
It's been a year, doctor. And it's
not like we're not giving it our best.
- So you have intercourse regularly?
- Pretty much like rabbits.
Honey.
At least a few times a night.
- Per night?
- My sister swears that's the key.
Frequency... And position.
I see. And that's
the missionary position or...
The reclining lotus.
My sister traveled
to India one summer.
She came back with dengue fever
and a copy of the Kama Sutra.
Well...
Mr. And Mrs. Prescott, um...
We'll start with a series
of tests to rule out
any physical explanation
for why you haven't conceived.
And while I'm helping you,
maybe you can help me.
There is something else I'm working on...
Something you might find interesting.
Uh, a study.
I-I'll get my associate, Mrs. Johnson,
to talk to you about it.
She's... she's better
at explaining this than I.
Virginia! I need some paper work
for the Prescotts.
I'm sorry, dr.
Masters, are you talking to me?
It's Adelaide, sir.
Remember?
What happened to...
- The brunette?
- Ruthanne?
You said that it didn't work out
with her. I'm her replacement.
Well, I can't seem to find
the necessary forms for the Prescotts.
Do you remember
where you left them?
What time
is Mrs. Johnson expected in?
Virginia said I was to help
you with all secretarial matters,
that I was to encourage you
to rely on me.
All right, I'm relying
on you to find Mrs. Johnson.
Now!
You'd be surprised
how many subjects admit
to having lost their virginity
in the backs of cars.
Judith Treap...
she was my first.
That is an unfortunate name.
She made up for it
in other ways.
I'm sure she did.
And you? Let me guess.
High-school quarterback...
Or your math teacher.
No.
- My first boyfriend... Gordon Garrett.
- Oh, lucky dog. Why him?
I was ready.
He was there.
Only years later did I realize
I was probably his first, too.
And they... they put
our yearbook photos together
in the "Prophecy" section.
Mine said "Mrs. Gordon Garrett,
formerly Miss Mary Virginia Eshelman."
And why didn't
Miss Eshelman marry Mr. Garrett?
Because Mr. Garrett
was destined to be a farmer.
And I... I was destined
for something else.
- Harold, Harold, look at this one.
- I think you have competition.
No. I'm already
attached to this car.
So, ready to sign
on the dotted line?
Yes. Yes.
I just need to ask Bill.
They don't make loans to single women.
I need a co-signer.
I can co-sign.
No, Ethan, Bill already signs
my checks. This is... it's easier.
What can be easier
than me, right here,
co-signing
so that you, right now,
can leave this lot
with a new set of wheels?
Unless you'd rather see Myrtle
here drive off in your car.
- Adelaide... Where are you going?
- Home.
Dr. Masters didn't like the way
that I was filing things.
- How were you filing things?
- Alphabetically.
- Adelaide was a very good candidate.
- She was disorganized.
- It was her first day.
- She couldn't spell "anesthesia."
I can't spell "anesthesia."
I found a couple for you
to sign up for the study today...
The Prescotts.
Fine.
I will sign the Prescotts.
But as for these secretaries...
Promoting you
to my research assistant
should not come at the expense
of my practice falling to ruins.
I think we should screen the secretarial
candidates more thoroughly.
And in the meantime,
until we find
someone truly qualified...
- You can resume...
- Uh-uh. No.
No, you cannot demote me after
promoting me. I'm a researcher now.
I'm going to find you
a secretary much better than me.
"Than I."
See?
I'm going to find you a secretary who
knows the difference... And cares.
That would be a gross
violation of medical protocol.
Bill can't handle the stress
of this because of the miscarriage.
But if he didn't know...
He doesn't want you two
to try again. He said it.
- I think he meant it.
- No, Bill always means what he says.
But that doesn't mean Bill always
knows what's best for him.
Ethan, this is not just about
my wanting a baby.
I mean,
of course I want that, but...
I also want
us to love something together,
to worry and take pride and enjoy
something that belongs to both of us.
- We don't have that now.
- That's not true.
Yes, it is. Bill has his work,
which he mostly keeps to himself.
And he listens to me, sort of,
when I talk about my day.
A child smiles
and sits up and walks,
and a couple have that together.
Without it, I'm don't think
I can compete.
I mean, in an odd way, even he and
Virginia have more in common.
Bill is not going to run off with Virginia,
if that's what you're worried about.
I know that.
But maybe someday someone
that he shares a passion with
will have more to offer him
than his wife.
We can resume the capping
with Bill's frozen sperm,
but only if
you and bill have sex...
Regularly.
Otherwise, it's going to look
like an immaculate conception.
As it is,
he'll be suspicious enough
If you wind up pregnant
with his sperm count.
He knows the odds are
essentially a million to one.
We are owed a miracle.
If he thinks I've
intervened, he will have my head.
I will do my part, Ethan.
I promise.
Thank you.
There's three outs left for St. Louis
to get the win, and a call strike one...
Still,
it's the first sign of life...
Here's a little
something till dinner.
Is the fourth quarter
almost over?
Well, it's top of the 9th,
and the Cubs are down by 13.
They could still come back.
I've had D.O.A. patients
with better chances of coming back.
Your kids like baseball?
I'm guessing they're Cardinals fans.
My kids?
- Didn't you tell me she had kids?
- "She?"
Who?
Ah, hell.
I... you know, I... I was confusing you
with our friend, uh, uh, Jack's girl.
It's my mistake.
I think I've had a few too many.
Yeah, I'll say.
I'm cutting you off now.
I didn't wrap it.
Cashews.
Hi.
Are you waiting for somebody?
- A friend, yes.
- It's cold.
- Can I sit in your car till he comes?
- Who says it's a "he"?
And no,
I think I'll wait alone.
Close the door.
Everyone's wise to what happens
in this neighborhood, you know.
It's where faggots
come to get fucked.
Come on!
Money. It's in my briefcase.
Take it.
Hey! Hey!
- Cops are on their way.
- Bullshit.
Wanna wait and find out?
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Jesus Christ.
You can't take me to the E.R.
Are you mad?
You need a doctor.
I am a doctor.
I told you
not to meet me there.
We should've met at the train station
or in New York, for Christ's sake.
I can't have
anyone see me like this.
Say, which chair is his?
Over by the window.
He likes the view.
Are these his glasses?
- I've got 20/20 vision.
- And I've got a meatloaf sandwich.
- But if you don't like it...
- No, no. This is great.
Say, what would the provost
say if he walked in right now?
Does he own a gun?
Barton? Lord, no.
You're something,
you know that?
Last time someone poured me milk
I was 10.
And look how much you've grown.
Drink up now. You're going
to need your strength.
I was 15.
- Where did it take place?
- In the back of a Plymouth.
And how old were you when
you first had sexual intercourse?
20...
in a cabin on Rainbow Lake.
Did you have sexual intercourse
with your spouse before marriage?
I did not.
- Did you?
- Yes, with both marriages.
I suppose it never occurred
to me to wait until marriage.
If currently married, how frequently
do you have coitus with your spouse?
Uh, we're...
Not having coitus presently.
Because of the miscarriage.
I should have skipped that question.
It's all right.
Uh, how frequently do you have
coitus with a partner?
- I don't have a partner at present.
- Meaning you're not having coitus?
Meaning no,
not right now.
Last question before we start.
Does emotional attachment
play a significant role
in your ability to enjoy sex?
A significant role...
hard to say.
But... Yes, I suppose so.
A qualified yes.
And you?
Not really.
I mean, it can,
but... It's a curious thing.
I've always felt different
from other women.
Most women...
They want love
when they sleep with a man.
But...
I've always been able
to separate sex from love.
- Bill.
- Mm-hmm?
You're humming.
Am I?
Well, it would appear our efforts
were more successful this time...
According to the data.
You orgasmed...
H-how many times?
What does the readout say?
Well, I think an anecdotal
confirmation is also valuable.
Two times.
I orgasmed twice.
- In positions two and four?
- Three and four.
Three and four. So...
Male superior,
female knee to chest
and female superior rear facing.
No, position three was
female superior, both front facing.
- No, that was knee to chest.
- No, we started with knee to chest.
There was significantly
more clitoral stimulation
in, for example, position four.
The reclining lotus.
It's from the Kama Sutra.
Anyway...
This is interesting.
We both orgasmed in the same position, but
I seem to have arrived first both times.
I came two minutes
before you here...
And four minutes earlier.
Well, that may have been a function
of etiquette as much as biology.
Ladies first?
You are a gentleman.
A hungry gentleman.
Maybe we should get a bite...
go for dinner somewhere.
Masters.
I was hoping you were
already on your way, daddy.
We decided this morning to have
an evening to ourselves. Remember?
Of course.
- Uh, I should be leaving shortly.
- All right.
Drive fast...
not too fast.
I will do both.
I just realized...
I was due home an hour ago.
Uh, you're unzipped.
Here. Let me.
Oh, I'll get it.
Good night.
Barton?
What the hell?
I was robbed.
- Why aren't you at emergency?
- It's not serious.
Lie down.
Come on. Lie down.
The train didn't leave for an hour.
I had time to kill. So I... I parked
behind those theaters on Market Street.
I mean,
it's not a bad neighborhood.
I figured I'd use the time to...
...Plan my trip.
When out of nowhere, these hoodlums
walk up to my car with a knife.
And for absolutely no reason...
For god's sake, Barton.
I know why you're not at the hospital.
I know why there are no police
here asking questions.
So just say nothing if you want,
but don't lie to me.
- People can't know about this.
- Obviously.
- I could lose my family.
- You could lose everything.
You will lose everything...
If you carry on like this...
Your job, your reputation,
your medical license.
Is it worth it, just to meet
some boy in an alley?
Everything you've spent
a lifetime building for yourself...
For this university?
You think Margaret
and Vivian will stand by you...
When this all comes out?
It's not going to come out.
You nearly got killed tonight,
Barton, For sitting in a car.
You can do your shirt up.
- I can go again.
- See, I like that about you.
You get on top this time.
Austin, someone's coming.
Would that someone be you?
No, Austin,
there's someone in the driveway.
Who is it?
My husband.
Margaret, I'm sorry.
Did I wake you?
I was up.
I wasn't expecting you.
The train, a problem
with the track and, uh...
Anyway, New York is off.
What's wrong, dear?
I need you to go to your
bedroom, Barton, and stay there.
Please.
Forward. And back.
Now up. And down.
One and two.
Three and four.
Forward and back.
- I'm sorry I'm...
- There he is.
The very man who bought me
my first Martini.
Remember?
Majestic ballroom?
You danced
to the Lester Lanin band.
I was 27.
Would have climbed
the Matterhorn to impress you.
You didn't have to, did you?
Just a hint of vermouth,
like at Vito’s.
It took some trial and error.
- Is that all you've had to eat?
- I don't have an appetite.
Not for dinner, anyway.
Libby, I've had a long,
trying day.
So unwind with your wife.
Pretend you're 27 again.
No, I think
I'll draw you a bath instead.
Good idea...
we can get in together.
No, no, no, no, no.
The tub
won't accommodate us both.
I'll put on some hot coffee.
The cards won yesterday.
Aren't you even going to ask?
- About your guest? No. I'm not.
- And why is that?
I trust you to tell me
what I need to know.
"You trust me...?"
Last night, your wife was upstairs in her
room, in your house, with another man.
- That... that doesn't bother you?
- Of course it does.
Well, then...
then act like it matters!
- Act like I matter! Yell at me.
- I don't want to yell, Margaret.
Because of what you've been up to?
Is that it? People in glass houses?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I know
there have been other women.
- No.
- I'm not blind. I... I...
All your late nights,
the out-of-town conferences.
I am the provost
of a major university.
Yes,
you're a very important man
who has not laid a hand
on his wife in six years.
There are
no other women, Margaret.
Then it's me.
You don't want to fight for me
because
you don't want me anymore.
I can't imagine
my life without you.
Everything I have,
everything that matters to me,
I have because of you.
But you don't want me,
do you, Barton?
You don't want to...
Make love to me.
- Why? What is wrong with me?
- Nothing.
You are the most beautiful woman
in the world to me.
Then why are we like this?
Answer me.
What is wrong with you?!
W-what is wrong with you?!
Oh, God.
- Good morning.
Good morning.
Jane.
Your new secretary.
Dr. Masters, so nice
to be working with you again...
This time, with my clothes on.
Virginia, my office, please.
Before you disappear, you have
six patients scheduled this morning.
The first, Mrs. Holloway,
is at 9:30.
You have a lunch
with a Dean Braverman.
I wasn't sure if his name was
Dean or he is a dean,
so I made a reservation at
the faculty club just in case.
And, um, if you notice a smell
in your office,
I had Jerry from maintenance
attend to that coffee stain
on the carpet beside your desk.
Thank you.
There's one more thing
that Jane would like to tell you.
"anesthesia."
A-n-e-s-t-h-e-s-i-a.
"Anesthesia."
Good morning, sir.
- Good night?
- What's that?
Did you have a good night?
Fine.
You have a great day, sir.
Hi.
Libby.
- Bill has a lunch.
- I assumed. Um...
I'm actually here for my follow-up
appointment with Ethan.
And I thought I would pop in
and see you.
Um, you don't have an aspirin,
do you?
It's a hospital.
We even have morphine if you want.
Actually, um...
There's something else that
I hoped you could help me with.
Bill's been coming home late
recently...
- A lot, often past 10:00.
- The study...
The research has entered
a new phase.
I-I know how important
the study is to him.
I suppose to both of you.
It's just, he's so tired
when he gets home, and...
We haven't been finding time
for each other.
Time
that a husband and wife need.
You haven't?
I just thought if you could get
him home before he's dead on his feet...
I actually don't
handle Bill's schedule anymore.
Right. It's Jane now.
Should I be talking to her?
No. No.
You don't have to say another word.
I will find a way
to shift things around.
Don't worry.
This is absolutely
no concern of yours.
She came to me.
And you couldn't say, "I don't
feel comfortable discussing this"?
She's my friend, Bill.
She was asking me for help.
You know, Jonas Salk
volunteered himself and his family
to be the first test subjects
for the polio vaccine.
Werner Forssmann inserted
a urethral tube into his elbow,
pushed it to his heart,
then x-rayed himself to prove that
cardiac catheterization is possible.
There is a long
and very healthy tradition
of scientists making themselves
the subject of their own studies.
Well,
I-I can't continue this work
If it comes at the expense
of your marriage.
I am not discussing
my sex life with you.
According to Libby,
there's little to discuss.
I am very clear on where the line is
between you and me and what we do here.
- It is for the work.
- I don't need you to tell me that.
So then whatever goes
on between us can't affect Libby.
It won't.
Just so we have
an understanding.
So as soon as you and Libby
are back to normal,
then you and I
can continue our work.
Gini.
Ethan,
what are you doing here so late?
Delivering a linebacker
...11 pounds, 7 ounces.
You could stick a helmet on this
kid and draft him right now.
- Bill.
- Dr. Haas.
Ethan, I've been
meaning to tell you the kids...
They just love the car.
Uh, well,
it's a good family car.
I'm happy I could help.
Bill?
You home early?
I'm locked out.
Scared me to death.
I saw your car in the driveway,
but I didn't know where you'd gone...
I went to get some firewood
from the stack behind the garage.
The door slammed shut.
I got locked out.
- You're shivering.
- Because it's freezing.
There.
That's a nice look on you.
I thought, uh,
we could have dinner in front
of the fire tonight.
You did? We haven't
done that in a long time.
I'll go get dressed,
start dinner.
I've missed you.
Isn't the hotel on Sycamore?
You mind if we get
something to eat first?
No. No.
Who do you think
he thinks I am?
One of those golf pros at the club?
Maybe the handyman?
I've never had any secrets from him.
But now I have you.
And I want to keep you to myself
and at the same time, tell everyone.
But you won't, right?
I guess
what I'm saying is...
There are these moments
when everything changes.
Like the moment a nurse hands
you this little bundle
and says, "Here is
your daughter, Mrs. Scully."
Or your dad clutches your hand
as you walk down the aisle
and you realize he's crying.
Or the moment a very handsome young
doctor turns to you outside a theater
and asks,
"Did you like the movie?"
And suddenly
everything is different.
You have saved my life,
dr. Langham.
I don't have a thing for older women.
I have a thing for women.
Okay, so maybe
Margaret could be my mother.
B-but Jane was this...
Adventuress.
She was a girl I could have
sex with while people watched.
Tracy before that... she was...
she was a sex kitten.
Diane was...
Unapproachable ice queen.
So all of the women
in your life have been a type.
Have any of them
been a person to you?
See,
another stupid shrink question.
Listen, all I know is
I was driving with Margaret,
I was feeling great.
I was gonna eat
a plate of linguini,
we were gonna go to the hotel,
hump our brains out.
That's a fun evening.
Am I right?
And what happened?
You know the high striker
at the amusement park...
That thing where you take
the mallet and try to ring the bell?
What if you took a whack at that
thing and the bell suddenly said,
"Oh, my God. Oh, my God,
thank you.
That feels so amazing, and I've never
been this happy in my entire life."
It's not so much fun then,
anymore, is it?
So the bell you're trying
to ring becomes animate...
Becomes a person.
Isn't our time almost up?
Smart of you.
Of course no one would know me
on the pediatric ward.
Yes, I'm full of tricks today...
Sneaking you in here,
stealing your husband's sperm
from the sperm bank.
I know you're angry
with me, Ethan.
But I will just say this.
You're saving my life...
And Bill's.
And if there is any way
that I could ever repay you...
Before we do the capping...
Can you...
Look in this catalogue and
pick out some new sheets for me?
Sheets a girl would like,
That would make her feel
at home.
Of course.
I would be happy to.
Honeyed linen.
I think its bran.
No, the, um,
the shade of my new bedding...
- For the apartment.
- You bought new bedding?
Now that I've got a pretty
girl spending the odd night,
I figured
I better spruce the place up.
You like me staying over
every now and then?
I do.
My last girlfriend, she didn't
like spending the night.
She has two kids... that's what
David was talking about.
He got confused.
Why are you telling me this?
You said you wanted to snoop.
Well, this is what you'll find.
I had my heart broken.
Is it over between you two?
It is.
I thought that we could
still be friends but...
That's the past.
You, me, honeyed linen, huh?
That's the future.
You, Vivian Scully...
you're my future.
Are you actually late,
dr. Masters?
When are we bringing in
the next batch of study subjects?
I have four couples
for tomorrow night...
- The Prescotts included.
- Good.
Then if you're free
this evening,
you and I can resume
our participation in the work.
The matter
you were concerned about...
It's been rectified.
I'm so glad.
And Libby...
Is looking forward
to having her husband back.
And that is the last
you will hear of it.
You were right.
There are lines we shouldn't cross.
This is one of them.
This, uh...
This is complicated for me.
I mean...
I love my wife.
Okay.
So what happened
the other night...
I can't keep doing that.
That's why, from now on,
it has to be a hotel...
Someplace safe
where we have a routine...
A protocol.
Stitches are still in.
I'll be careful.
I realize
you could have left me there.
Left you? Come on.
You were under
no obligation to care for me.
You could have gotten hurt.
I got jumped last year.
I wished to hell
someone had shown up to help me.
I know.
It's scary.
I'm sorry.
Jane is just so diligent, I couldn't
get her to leave for the day.
She felt there were too many
hand notations in your wheeldex,
so she stayed
to retype the entire thing.
I was thinking
tonight...
Female superior, both sitting,
partially reclined.
The angle might be optimal
for clitoral stimulation.
The rocking horse.
I looked it up.
She has been doing a good job,
though, don't you think?
Who, Jane?
She's adequate.
She's lasted two full days.
That's two more days
than her predecessors.
And be honest.
Hasn't she met all your needs?
Last week, I got a thank-you
note from Chancellor Fitzhugh's wife.
Apparently, I sent zinnias
for her 60th birthday.
I don't think I could pick
Stella Fitzhugh out of a police lineup.
- Plateau.
- Plateau
Or a zinnia, for that matter.
But you can.
And did.
Her name is Estelle,
for the record.
And it's important
to keep the Chancellor happy.
Should I slow down?
Jane will make a fine secretary.
But to really anticipate
someone's needs...
That's a rare thing.
- Eight.
- Nine. Wait.
What?
Catch up.
Orgasm.
We should eat if we're
going to go over the data.
I could pick up some deli
from around the corner,
or we could go out for a bite.
I can't.
I have plans.
At this hour?
I'm meeting Libby
for a late dinner.
Well, you're taking
her someplace nice, I hope.
I am.
We can review the data
in the morning.
All right, then.
In the morning.
Synced by Reef
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org